Adding ReactInit and ReactFunction (#274)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/native-modules.md

| `ReactConstant`         | Specifies a field or property that represents a constant. |
| `ReactConstantProvider` | Specifies a method that provides a set of constants.      |
| `ReactEvent`            | Specifies a field or property that represents an event.   |

> | `ReactInit`             | Specifies a class initialization method.                  |

Reviewer: >class [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=40&length=5)

module

> | `ReactFunction`         | Specifies a field that helps calling a function.          |

Reviewer 2: what does "a field that helps calling a function" mean? when would it be used? how is react function different from react method?

Author: From the [header](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows/blob/0dfe9decb4390c4b77e0837e69c4a25878034960/vnext/Microsoft.ReactNative.Cxx/NativeModules.h) it looks like a std::function. Or in C# I assume it's a Func/Action/whatever? Anyway, I wasn't sure how much detail to go into. Really these should all link to a page that has the full detail that's in that header.

Author: The name is a bit confusing. Many engineers are going to use the terms method and function interchangeably. Maybe this should have been `ReactDelegate`?

> | `ReactFunction`         | Specifies a field that helps calling a function.          |

Reviewer: >function [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=67&length=8)

We can say "helps calling a JavaScript function"

| `ReactConstant`         | Specifies a field or property that represents a constant. |
| `ReactConstantProvider` | Specifies a method that provides a set of constants.      |
| `ReactEvent`            | Specifies a field or property that represents an event.   |
| `ReactStruct`           | Specifies a `struct` that can be used in native methods.  |
| `ReactInit`             | Specifies a class initialization module.                  |

> | `ReactFunction`         | Specifies a field that helps calling a JavaScript function. |

Reviewer 3: Just by looking at this sentence I don't know what `ReactFunction` does :(
In NativeModules.h we have 'REACT_FUNCTION annotates a field that helps calling a JavaScript function.' so basically the same thing.
REACT_METHOD specifies the exported function to JS form native, what does this one do though?

Author: I agree, that doesn't really help differentiate. I took that string from a previous comment from @vmoroz. Vladimir, is there a better way to capture the difference between REACT_METHOD and REACT_FUNCTION?

> | `ReactFunction`         | Specifies a field that helps calling a JavaScript function. |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `ReactFunction`         | Specifies a JavaScript function that you want exposed to your native code. |

```

| `REACT_CONSTANTPROVIDER` | Specifies a method that provides a set of constants.      |
| `REACT_EVENT`            | Specifies a field or property that represents an event.   |
| `REACT_STRUCT`           | Specifies a `struct` that can be used in native methods (don't nest the definition inside `REACT_MODULE`).    |
| `REACT_INIT`             | Specifies a class initialization module.                  |

> | `REACT_FUNCTION`         | Specifies a field that helps calling a JavaScript function.          |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `ReactFunction`         | Specifies a JavaScript function that you want exposed to your native code. |
```
